This contract was made by the common people.
Ambassador to this world. We lay people are going to hold a holy cleansing meeting.
At that time, we will invite leaders from all walks of life in Jiangcheng and our Qingqing friends to participate.
Aren’t you calling yourself the enemy of gods?
And he also claimed that when they first met,
Use protection to carry the burden and protect the heart to ascend to the Xiaoqiang Lake,
Supermarkets in Beijing will come to pick you up.
Your life is set to make them suffer
This proves that you have strength
Just match our body
I feel like I won’t be able to broadcast anymore
Isn't he very capable?
Problems that can be solved with just one phone call
This is action, right?
But you can stay and admit your mistake